README.md, before:

django-abudget
==============

Just another home budget application, written in Django. Just because I haven't found something perfectly fit. And I definetly don't like someone having all my finance information. This project is being written for people like me, who can manage to start it on local server for personal use. Or ask someone who can :-)

User experience: administrator creates Categories, Budget and related stuff (example provided as fixture) and gives access to another related people.

Current status - beta. I am using it now and making improvements sometimes. It works and fullfills my needs.

| |Build Status|

Code
--------

It uses Python 3.4 and currently does not require any particular database backend (works with sqlite and postgresql for my case)

I am going to make a lot of ajax stuff here, so - no form error display, and some things also done quick way, not right way. I will replace it to completely different code anyway, when time comes.

Going to use react to handle client-side data processing logic, but jquery nice for now.

Going to make install and other instruction later.

Installing
----------

Sometimes docker and docker-compose requires root access. You can check docker-compose.yml and Dockerfile to understand what is doing on here.

Just run locally:

    docker-compose up

On our server:

    docker-compose up -d

(and configure nginx to forward requests to desired port, which you can find/alter in docker-compose.yml file)

Testing
----------
./test-dev.sh (after venv install)
(currently no tests written)


Deployment
----------

Use https!

...


Screenshots
-----------

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/koriaf/django-abudget/master/abudget_ss_1.png

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/koriaf/django-abudget/master/abudget_ss_2.png


.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/koriaf/django-abudget.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/koriaf/django-abudget

Commit message:

static files fixed with yarn and docker

README.md, after:

django-abudget
==============

Just another home budget application, written in Django. Just because I haven't found something perfectly fit. And I definetly don't like someone having all my finance information. This project is being written for people like me, who can manage to start it on local server for personal use. Or ask someone who can :-)

User experience: administrator creates Categories, Budget and related stuff (example provided as fixture) and gives access to another related people.

Current status - beta. I am using it now and making improvements sometimes. It works and fullfills my needs.

| |Build Status|

Code
--------

It uses Python 3.4 and currently does not require any particular database backend (works with sqlite and postgresql for my case)

I am going to make a lot of ajax stuff here, so - no form error display, and some things also done quick way, not right way. I will replace it to completely different code anyway, when time comes.

Going to use react to handle client-side data processing logic, but jquery nice for now.

Going to make install and other instruction later.

Installing
----------

Sometimes docker and docker-compose requires root access. You can check docker-compose.yml and Dockerfile to understand what is doing on here.

Copy any .env.sample file to .env and update it (note some values must be the same in both files).

Static files:

    yarn install
    cp -r node_modules src/abudget/static/
    cp -r node_modules/*/bower_components/* src/abudget/static/node_modules/

To  locally:

    docker-compose up

On your server:

    docker-compose up -d



and upload var/static_root to some location where Nginx can see it.

(and configure nginx to forward requests to desired port, which you can find/alter in docker-compose.yml file)

Testing
----------
./test-dev.sh (after venv install)
(currently no tests written)


Deployment
----------

Use https!

...


Screenshots
-----------

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/koriaf/django-abudget/master/abudget_ss_1.png

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/koriaf/django-abudget/master/abudget_ss_2.png


.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/koriaf/django-abudget.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/koriaf/django-abudget
